My new branch (#37)
mojaloop/reference-architecture-doc: docs/refarch/boundedContexts/thirdPartyApi/index.md

#### Description

> The workflow provided by this UC supports authorized PISP User requests to obtain a list of Accounts and Identifiers for a DFSP supported by the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow provided by this UC supports authorized PISP User looks up their account details at a DFSP, given an identifier that the PISP User uses to log in with the DFSP.
```

#### Description

> The workflow provided by this UC supports authorized PISP User requests for consent to obtain specific (scoped) Accounts details from DFSPs supported by the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow provided by this UC supports authorized PISP User informs their DFSP of their intention to link one or more accounts with a PISP, and requests the DFSP to complete an out-of-band authorization process.
The result of this authorization process is a trust relationship between the PISP User, the DFSP and the PISP.
```

***Note:*** *In the interests of compacting this workflow description, the reader should note that the Third Party API and the 3rd-Party Initiated Payments BCs work in concert to maintain Participant Information.  The interaction between the two BCs will not be specifically noted, but is as follows: where the Third Party API BC updates the Transaction state, and where the Participant Information is not cached, the 3rd-Party Initiated Payments BC will request the missing Participant Information from the Participant Lifecycle Management BC and deliver it to the Third Party API BC for inclusion in the Transaction information being presented to the DFSP/PISP systems.*

The Third Party Initiated Transaction Request UC provides the workflow for PISP Users/Apps to issue a request to a DFSP to execute a transaction on behalf of an Account Holder, typically the PISP User/App, in favor of a third-party recipient or recipients.  The transaction is vetted via a DFSP confirmation request to the Account Holder, and concluded upon successful receipt of confirmation.  The Switch, per DFSP instructions, manages the transaction and updates all accounts accordingly.

> Typical applications would include online and instore environments where a third-party platform such as PayPal is used to execute payments.

Reviewer: I would maybe phrase this slightly differently:

Some applications of Third Party Payment Initiation include:
- Peer to Peer Payments (e.g. GPay in India)
- Online checkouts for seamless end-user ux (e.g. PayPal)
- Payroll Clearing Software

Author: Hi Lewis:  Perfect, I will make the changes as requested.  Thanks.  (P.S.: work has been WIP, just not pushed yet... )

#### Description

<!---***Note:*** *In the interests of compacting this workflow description, the reader should note that the Third Party API and the 3rd-Party Initiated Payments BCs work in concert to maintain Participant Information.  The interaction between the two BCs will not be specifically noted, but will be assumed as follows: where the 3rd-Party API BC updates Participant Information, and where the Participant Information is not cached, the 3rd-Party Initiated Payments BC will request the missing data from the Participant Lifecycle Management BC and deliver it to the 3rd-Party API BC for inclusion in the Transaction information being presented to the DFSP/PISP systems.*--->

> The The workflow provided by this UC enables the Switch to permit authorized PISP Users/Apps to issue a request to a DFSP to execute a transaction on behalf of an Account Holder, typically the PISP User/App, in favor of a group of third-party recipients.  The transaction is vetted via a DFSP confirmation request to the Account Holder, and concluded upon successful receipt of confirmation.  The Switch, per DFSP instructions, manages the transaction and updates all accounts accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The The workflow provided by this UC enables the Switch to permit authorized PISP Users/Apps to issue a request to a DFSP to execute a number of bulk transactions on behalf of an Account Holder, typically the PISP User/App, in favor of a group of third-party recipients.  The transaction is vetted via a DFSP confirmation request to the Account Holder, and concluded upon successful receipt of confirmation.  The Switch, per DFSP instructions, manages the transaction and updates all accounts accordingly.
```

Author: Done.
